# The Try-Catch Statement
The try-catch statement is the foundation of error handling in JavaScript. It consists of two blocks: the try block and the catch block.

### 1. Try Block
- The try block contains the code that might throw an error.
- It is enclosed within curly braces {} and starts with the keyword "try".
- The code inside the try block is executed sequentially.

### 2. Catch Block
- The catch block catches the error thrown by the try block.
- It is also enclosed within curly braces {} and starts with the keyword "catch".
- The catch block accepts an error object as a parameter, which represents the error thrown by the try block.
- You can name this parameter anything you like, but it's best to keep it short and meaningful.

## Throwing Errors with the Throw Keyword
In JavaScript, you can intentionally throw errors using the throw keyword. This allows you to handle specific situations or conditions in your code.

### 1. Syntax
- To throw an error, use the throw keyword followed by the new keyword and the specific error's constructor.
- For example, you can throw a ReferenceError by using the ReferenceError constructor.

### 2. Example
```javascript
throw new ReferenceError('Variable is not defined');
```

## Error Handling in Action

Let's see how the try-catch statement and throwing errors work together in practice.

### 1. Handling Uncaught Errors

When an error occurs in your code and is not caught, it is considered an uncaught error.
Uncaught errors cause the program to stop executing, and an error message is displayed in the console.

### 2. Preventing Program Termination

By using the try-catch statement, you can prevent errors from terminating your program.
If an error occurs in the try block, it is caught by the catch block, allowing the program to continue executing.

### 3. Example

```js
try {
  console.log(a + b); // Throws a ReferenceError
  console.log('This line is never reached');
} catch (err) {
  console.log('An error occurred:', err.message);
}

console.log('My program does not stop');
```

## Manually Throwing Errors

Apart from handling errors that occur naturally, you can manually throw errors to handle specific scenarios.

#### 1. Syntax

Inside the try block, use the throw statement to throw a new error.
In the catch block, you can handle the thrown error as needed.

#### 2. Example
```js
try {
  throw new ReferenceError('Variable is not defined');
} catch (err) {
  console.log('There was a reference error:', err);
}

console.log('My program does not stop');
```