### `<iframe>` Attributes Cheatsheet

- **allow**
  - Specifies features or permissions available to the frame.
  - Example: `allow="fullscreen; geolocation"`

- **name**
  - The name for the `<iframe>`.
  - Example: `name="My Frame"`

- **height**
  - Specifies the height of the frame (default is 150 pixels).
  - Example: `height="300"`

- **width**
  - Specifies the width of the frame (default is 300 pixels).
  - Example: `width="400"`

- **referrerpolicy**
  - Indicates which referrer information to send when loading the frame resource.
  - Example: `referrerpolicy="no-referrer"`

- **sandbox**
  - Applies extra restrictions to the content in the `<iframe>`.
  - Example: `sandbox="allow-forms allow-scripts"`

- **src**
  - The URL of the page to embed in the `<iframe>`.
  - Example: `src="https://example.com"`

- **srcdoc**
  - Specifies the inline HTML to embed in the `<iframe>`.
  - Example: `srcdoc="<p>My inline html</p>"`

- **loading**
  - Specifies if the iframe should be loaded immediately or when displayed.
  - Example: `loading="lazy"`

- **title**
  - Adds a description to the iframe for accessibility purposes.
  - Example: `title="An embedded document about the history of my family"`

```html
<iframe 
    src="https://example.com" 
    name="My Frame" 
    width="400" 
    height="300" 
    allow="fullscreen; geolocation" 
    referrerpolicy="no-referrer" 
    sandbox="allow-forms allow-scripts" 
    srcdoc="<p>My inline html</p>" 
    loading="lazy" 
    title="An embedded document about the history of my family">
</iframe>
```

### `sandbox` Permissions

- **allow-forms**
  - Allows the iframe to submit forms.

- **allow-modals**
  - Allows the iframe to open modal windows.

- **allow-orientation-lock**
  - Allows the iframe to lock the screen orientation.

- **allow-popups**
  - Allows the iframe to open popups.

- **allow-presentation**
  - Allows the iframe to start a presentation session.

- **allow-scripts**
  - Allows the iframe to run scripts without creating popup windows.

- **allow-downloads**
  - Allows the user to download files.

### `allow` Permissions

- **fullscreen**
  - Allows the iframe to enter fullscreen mode.

- **geolocation**
  - Allows the iframe to access the user's location.

- **microphone**
  - Allows the iframe to access the microphone.

- **camera**
  - Allows the iframe to access the camera.