# Introduction to Objects

- Objects are a fundamental concept in programming that allow you to group related data together.
- They are used to represent real-world entities or concepts in a program.
- Objects consist of properties and methods.
    - Properties are characteristics or attributes of an object, such as its name, age, or color.
    - Methods are actions that an object can perform, such as calculating a value or displaying information.

## Creating Objects

- Objects can be created using object literals or constructor functions.
- Object literals are a way to define and create objects using curly braces {}.
- Constructor functions are used to create multiple objects of the same type.

## Accessing Object Properties

- Object properties can be accessed using dot notation or bracket notation.
- Dot notation is used to access properties directly by their name.
- Bracket notation is used when the property name is stored in a variable or when the name contains special characters.

## Modifying Object Properties

- Object properties can be modified by assigning a new value to them using the assignment operator (=).

## Adding and Removing Object Properties

- New properties can be added to an object by assigning a value to a new property name.
- Existing properties can be removed from an object using the delete operator.

## Object Methods

- Object methods are functions that are stored as object properties.
- They can be called using dot notation and can access and modify the object's properties.
